# NVIM Config
This directory contains my configs for `nvim`, held together with glue (or more
precisely, the `SourceLocal` function at the top of `init.vim`).

## Setup
Assuming you've cloned this repository locally, I symlink my
`$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/nvim/init.vim` to the one in this repository.

### Plugins
I use [`vim-plug`](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug) for my plugin manager.
To install it, run

```sh
sh -c 'curl -fLo "${XDG_DATA_HOME:-$HOME/.local/share}"/nvim/site/autoload/plug.vim --create-dirs \
       https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim'
```

Then, open up vim and run `:PlugInstall`.

#### coc.nvim
I've also symlinked my `coc.nvim`'s  `coc-settings.json` in
`$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/nvim/` to the one in this repository (found under
`plugins/coc/`).

I install various extensions for `coc.nvim` and I currently don't have a good
way of keeping track of them.

### root User
I've created various symlinks in the `root` user's home as well pointing at my
configs.

I also needed to change the permissions on a variety of folders that (I believe)
were autogenerated. These were the root user's `view`, `swap`, `backup`, and
`undo` folders in their config home. Not doing this might lead to some... issues
:)

Also, note that some plugins or configurations are disabled for `root` via
checks in the config. I'm not sure it's the best idea to have heavy plugins
running on the root user's vim instance.

## Organization
I tried to keep things modular this time around. I have a variety of top level
files and directories that each serve a particular purpose

- `common.vim` -- Vanilla settings common to all users
- `init.vim` -- Bootstrapper
- `keys.vim` -- Vanilla keybinds common to all users
- `persist.vim` -- Settings relating to persistence (backup, swap, undo)
- `providers.vim` -- Scripting language provider settings
- `plugins/` -- Folder that pertains to Plugin bootstrapping and configuration;
  each file (other than the bootstrapper, `plugins.vim`) is named
  after the plugin it configures.
- `util/` -- Folder that defines various Vanilla utility functions
- `themes/` -- Folder configuring color scheme variables
